Added Features and Styling (#1)
ClintonYounge/Mobile-Tech-Financial-Digest: README.md

**[Mobile Tech Financial Digest]** is a react redux project which allows users to go through financial data of Apple, Samsung, Xiaomi and Google by interacting.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://redux.js.org/">Redux.js</a></li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.javascript.com/">JavaScript</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>
<details>
  <summary>API USED</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://site.financialmodelingprep.com/developer/docs/">Financial Modeling Prep API</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Redux toolkit.
- Fetch Data from API.
- Render fetched API data.
- Navigation by routing.
- Search feature.
- Interactive UI.
- Tests.

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://mobile-tech-financial-digest.onrender.com/)

- Below is a link to my video presentation of the project.

> [Video presentation in the works]

Reviewer: - [x] It would be better if we add our video presentation in the README file where we add the following i. a description of the project.
ii. a demo of the project features.
iii. highlight some interesting piece of code or something you built that you are very proud of

https://desktop.github.com/

### Install

Run the `npm install` command in your console to install all necessary dependencies.

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

Run the `npm run test` command in your console to run the tests.

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Clinton Younge**

- GitHub: [@ClintonYounge](https://github.com/ClintonYounge)
- Linkedin: [@clinton-younge](https://www.linkedin.com/in/clinton-younge-83386a25a/)
- Twitter: [@YoungeCjay](https://twitter.com/YoungeCjay)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Light mode / Dark mode / Color mode / Random gradient mode

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project feel free to leave a star to show your support.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

> ## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

Reviewer: - [x] It would be better if we give appropriate credit to the author of the design as required in the requirements. Here is a screenshot of the requirements
![Screenshot from 2023-06-27 23-03-02](https://github.com/ClintonYounge/Mobile-Tech-Financial-Digest/assets/46388113/9373f3da-3c3e-4817-928f-449b75178684)

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="./src/images/logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Mobile Tech Financial Digest</b></h3>

</div>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
  - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 [Mobile Tech Financial Digest] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Mobile Tech Financial Digest]** is a react redux project which allows users to go through financial data of Apple, Samsung, Xiaomi and Google by interacting.

> Original design idea by [Nelson Sakwa on Behance](https://www.behance.net/sakwadesignstudio)

Reviewer 2: - [ ] It would be better if you can move this to the acknowledegement section as suggested earlier. 👍

> - Below is a link to my video presentation of the project.
> [Video presentation in the works]

Reviewer 2: - [ ] Please, kindy a link to the video presentation because I couldn't see any link at the moment. 👍 
```suggestion
[Video presentation in the works](link to presentation here)
```
